don't fall
don't forget all the things you've been
taught you've been told don't blink
don't run don't turn left to turn right
or look straight at this
[Music]
oh
you won't know what it is
[Music]
until you break down
break down
[Music]
they say
my mind is
[Music]
you won't know what it is
until you break down
[Music]
break down
oh
[Music]
until you break down
you
[Music]
you know
[Applause]
[Music]
my name is perseus
[Applause]
[Music]
i don't want the throne that my father
has
fighting wicked beasts while they move
so fast
you could be the sword the shield
defender of
the people down below you know
[Music]
you know i fought for love to have your
friends
[Music]
my name
name is perseus
my name is
[Music]
[Applause]
morning